I want a web application for personal garden management. For quick demonstration purposes, let's make it a github.io-deployable project, without authentication for the time being, saving and retrieving the json data via cookie, so one-file html+js would be enough for now. The GUI should be compatible for PC, mobile landscape and mobile portrait displays. The GUI should have five areas (or divs): Top advertisement area, top menu area, main visualization area, action menu area, lower json area. For portrait all stacked vertically, for landscape and PC monitor, main visualization area and action meun area should be side by side. On the very top, there should be a sponsor / ad bar, empty for the time being, or a sample filler ad. The top menu area has the app name ("Garden Manager by Edem") together with little menu buttons like "New Garden" button (clears the design), "Save Garden" button (refreshes lower json area and saves into cookie for now), "Load Garden" button (loads changes in lower json area), "Map View/List View" combobox (changes the visual area to map view or list view), "Settings" button (gets some input controls to the main visualization area, some filler boxes for this time being), "About" button (can display very simple filelr text for now in the main visualization area). The garden design should be a json file, with garden parameters (garden name, creator name, software version, creation date, etc.) with each plant's location (x,y coordinates), each plant's size (for visualization), each plant's class (flower, vegetable, tree), each plant's species (family and species, etc.), each plant's required period of watering, each plant's required period of fertilization, each plant's harvest time if applicable, each plants , each plant's date of planting, each plant's time of last & next watering, each plant's time of last & next fertilization, each plant's current vs. required ph, moisture level etc., then each garden walls x and y locations. The main visualization area should be etiher list view (listing all plants, can have a scroll bar, plant's line should be green if everything is okay, should be red if its watering time / fertilization date / harvest date is past due or its ph, moisture, etc. level is off), or map view where we can see their location like a fixed map (no need for zooming or panning, user can play with plant sizes to scale). The plants could be drawn simplistically by code according to their classes (flower, vegetable, tree). The action menu can have a new plant button, delete plant button, modify plant button, plant is watered button (will reset plant's next watering time), plant is fertilized button (will reset plant's next fertilization time). The parameters (like in the json code) can be changed via addequate textboxes in the action menu during new plant creation or changing. When creating, modifying, or deleting the plant, clicking on the map would be great, if possible. Also, it would be great to add lines to the map during map view, to illustare walls, fences, borders, etc. Therefore three more buttons for creating line, modifying line and deleting line is needed in the action menu during map view. Line creation can also be accomplishes by clicking on the main vis. area while line creation button is active. No need for polyline, each line can be seperately included in the design with their x and y coordinates. In the map view, also add exclamation mark if watering is late or something is off. The botton json area should ne a dynamic text box for the garden design, so that it can be copied, pasted, modified, debugged, sheared, etc.

So, can you create the one-file html+js file so that I can paste it my my github and demonstrate the idea. For the future, we can add more functionality, authentication, database management, IoT connection for sensors and watering system, more polished GUI, etc. What do you think?
